# Obligation Moves

## Gain an Obligation

When you gain an Obligation, write the name of the person, place or entity you owe this Obligation to, and a sentence that describes it.

If that Obligation has a condition that may render it impossible to fulfil, mention it in its description, or in your notes somewhere else.

If that obligation has any sort of time or resource constraint, start an appropriate clock.

If the clock runs out or if you render it impossible to fulfil, **brace yourself**.

## Clear an Obligation

When you clear an Obligation by meeting its terms, fulfilling it or if you are released from it, write how you cleared it below or instead of its description.

# Downtime Moves

## Enjoy the calm

When you enjoy the calm before the storm

Roll to find out how much time before trouble brews

Tokens to be spent by the players in the other moves (representing how much time they have available)

lodging and basic “healing”

## Restock

## Procure

Tied to a system non-written yet

procure key object, info etc

## Heal

more healing (as in recovering hold)

## Work on a Project

acquire new baggage? other projects?

maybe I added this just because

## Carouse

make connections? learn rumours?

## Contribute

# Change Moves

## get new move

lose baggage to gain move

## change origin

update it to current status?

## new highlighted trait

maybe change one for another? or suppress one to highlight another?

# Change

## Seek Growth

## Seek Strength

## Seek Power

## Seek Community

## Seek Closure